[Music]
it may seem like your romantic life is
completely non-existent and dull but the
truth is that you can never know who has
a secret crush on you
or can you well this quick test can
definitely give you all the answers you
need grab a pen and a piece of paper and
let's get started before you learn
exactly how many people would love to
ask you out make sure you hit subscribe
and ring this notification bell to join
us on the bright side of life but more
about the test you have to answer 10
simple questions for each of them you
get four answer options a B C and O yeah
D your job is to answer truthfully and
keep track of the letter options you
choose at the end your most frequently
used letter will reveal how many people
have a crush on you
so are you ready then let's begin
question number 1 have you ever received
an anonymous love note a not really
B maybe one time when I was in middle
school
C two or three times but it wasn't
anything serious d sure several times
[Music]
question number two how would you
describe yourself in just two words a
introverted and imaginative be kind and
shy C friendly and calm D outgoing and
fun
[Music]
question number three what makes you the
happiest person on earth a succeeding at
something I love I enjoy working toward
my goals and I get there be spending
time with people I love they're my
inspiration and my rock see helping
others making someone's life easier and
happier is the best feeling in the whole
world d having new experiences
what can be better right question number
four and what about you do you crush on
people easily eh not really
I rarely fall in love but when I do I
fall hard B I do crush on people but not
that frequently see I often have a crush
on somebody but it's mostly celebrities
D
i crush very easily and I love it
[Music]
question number five do you keep in
touch with your exes a I've never
actually had a proper relationship so no
B not really I don't think you can be
friends with someone you broke up with C
with some of them yes D of course
they're great people and I hope they'll
find their true love one day
[Music]
question number six you notice a very
cute guy or girl looking at you across
the room and smiling what do you do a
try to leave as fast as possible I
really don't feel comfortable when
someone stares at me B try to ignore it
and keep doing what I do C smile back of
course D go up to them and introduce
myself maybe we can go on a date later
or at least become good friends question
number seven how often do you meet new
people a very rarely I get way too shy
around people I don't know B sometimes
see quite often thanks to my friends and
hobbies D all the time I love getting to
know someone new question eight on
Friday nights you usually a curl up on
the sofa with a book or catch up on my
favorite TV show B have a sleepover with
my best friend C go out for a snack and
a movie with my friends D party hard and
half the time of my life
[Music]
question number nine you come across a
couple of straight-up bullies who try to
bring you down what do you do a try to
get out of the situation as soon as
possible B I have quite a thick skin so
I don't really care C
ask them what made them so mean and
despicable D tell them off after all if
I don't stand up for myself who will
[Music]
question number 10
you'll never date someone who's a stupid
be mean see arrogant D boring and there
you go that was the last question of the
test now count all your a s B C's and DS
and let's find out your results if you
mostly win for a options then right now
you probably don't have any secret
admirers the only reason is that you're
too focused on your goals and inner
world romantic relationships do not seem
that important to you since you have
tons of interesting hobbies plus you're
a natural introvert and it takes time
for you to let somebody in moreover you
often feel extremely shy when someone
pays you extra attention so if you want
to change that try to let loose every
once in a while have fun when you let
your unique personality shine you'll win
over everybody around you in no time at
all if the majority of your answers
consisted of B options one person has a
secret but serious crush on you your
reserved traditional and private which
creates an atmosphere of mystery around
you so it's no surprise that a lot of
people feel the urge to figure you out
and know more about you you usually
choose friends wisely and it's not that
easy to become part of your inner circle
and that's exactly why your admirer
stays quiet just look around and you'll
definitely detect the person who's
undeniably in love with you
if C's were your go-to answers Congrats
uf2 secret admirer is going strong
you're incredibly kind supportive and
friendly and even though you mostly
spend time with your friends and family
everybody around you still notices your
inner light and caring personality
thanks to your genuine and open
character it's not that hard to fall in
love with you the only reason why your
admirers don't come forward is that
they're sure that someone like you just
can't be single but if you look closely
you'll certainly see who's crazy about
you and finally here's a little surprise
for all major fans of D answers three or
more people have a crush on you at this
very moment whoo
of course it varies from temporary to
serious crushes depending on the person
but they all still absolutely adore you
you're exceptionally charismatic bubbly
fun and outgoing which makes you an
exciting friend you turn heads wherever
you go with your effortless charm and a
sense of humor that never let you go
unnoticed so if you want to find an
understanding partner simply look around
maybe you're not noticing somebody who's
head over heels in love with you
sometimes looking at someone from a
completely different perspective can
change everything go for it so what
results did you get tell us in the
comment section below don't forget to
give this video a like share it with
your friends and click Subscribe stay on
the bright side
[Music]